DOC-4293: Reward - Wallet Userguide (#105)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/UserWallet.rst

- Click on security icon to display security popup

|image6|

- From security popup, click on "Manage keys". A new tab "Manage keys" is displayed in the popup. Click on "Back up your wallet".

|image7|

- A new popup "Backup wallet" is available with the following warnig message : *"Please make sure to keep this private key in a safe place where nobody else can get it (Write it in a piece of paper and hide it for example). 
If the following code is hacked by someone, he will be able to own all your funds."*. type your wallet password in the appropriate field then click on "Display private key"

|image8|

- Your private key is displayed in the same popup. You can save it in a piece of paper or a private and secured folder. Make sure that nobody else can access this information or you will be putting your funds at risk with absolutely no way to recover them.

|image9|

.. Warning:: Remember that losing your private keys means losing all your crypto-money. You must take precautions and be very careful! Even an administrator won't be able to help you if it gets compromised or lost.

How to send funds from wallet
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To send funds from your wallet, you have to click on "Send" button then, in the "send funds" popup, select a recipient, your wallet password and the amount of cauris to send. You can optionally type a label and a message that will be stores in the transaction history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send funds from your wallet, you have to click on "Send" button then, in the "send funds" popup, select a recipient, your wallet password and the amount to send. You can optionally type a label and a message that will be stores in the transaction history.
```

> You also have to choose the type of transaction between three options: "Cheap", "Normal" or "Fast"

Reviewer: an explanation of what these params mean seems missing. is it explained elsewhere ? if so, link to it.

|image10|

How to request funds from wallet
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To request funds, you have to click on "request" button then, in the "Request funds" popup, select a recipient and the requested amount of cauris. You can optionally type a request message to the recipient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To request funds, you have to click on "request" button then, in the "Request funds" popup, select a recipient and the requested amount. You can optionally type a request message to the recipient.
```

|image11|

> Total rewarded Cauri

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Total rewarded Tokens
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The displayed information total rewarded cauris give you the information about the accrued amount of cauris that you earned thanks to your different activities in the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Total Rewarded tells you the accrued amount of tokens that you earned thanks to your different activities in the platform.
```

> You have to note that this information is different than your current balance that displays the current amount of cauris that you have in your wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this information is different than your current balance that displays the current amount in your wallet.
```

|image12|

Tansactions details
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The amount of the last transaction is displayed in wallet interface 

|image13|

When you click on the plus icon next to the last transaction information, a drawer with all transactions is displayed 

|image14|

To see a transaction details, you only have to click on the pull down arrow from the transaction list.

|image14|

.. |image0| image:: images/reward/profile_mywallet1.png
.. |image1| image:: images/reward/profile_mywallet2.png
.. |image2| image:: images/reward/
.. |image3| image:: images/reward/create_wallet.png
.. |image4| image:: images/reward/created_wallet.png
.. |image5| image:: images/reward/warning_funds.png
.. |image6| image:: images/reward/security_popup.png
.. |image7| image:: images/reward/manage_keys.png
.. |image8| image:: images/reward/backup_password.png
.. |image9| image:: images/reward/private_key_blur.jpg
.. |image10| image:: images/reward/send_funds.png
.. |image11| image:: images/reward/request_funds.png

> .. |image12| image:: images/reward/rewarded_cauris.png

Reviewer: even in image name

Author: :'(

The first thing to do is to create your wallet by setting a password. The password must contain at least 8 characters. 

|image3|

Once your password is set, your wallet is created but you will not be allowed to make transactions until an administrator approves it. The wallet's interface is nevertheless available and you may request funds from other users.

|image1|

The following message is displayed : " Almost done! Your wallet will be ready to use once an administrator approves it.".

A warning message appears behind the label "My wallet" 

|image5|

Wallet security
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Each wallet uses a pair of public and private keys. The public key is used ad the address on the blockchain network. The private key must be secured as it allows to do any operation in the blockchain account (such as stealing your funds!). Without the private key, access to the funds is impossible. Thus, it's important to secure the private key and save in case of loss  :

- Click on security icon to display security popup

|image6|

- From security popup, click on "Manage keys". A new tab "Manage keys" is displayed in the popup. Click on "Back up your wallet".

|image7|

> - A new popup "Backup wallet" is available with a warnig message. type your wallet password in the appropriate field then click on "Display private key"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new popup "Backup wallet" is available with a warning message. type your wallet password in the appropriate field then click on "Display private key"
```

.. _UserWallet:

#####################
Managing your wallet
#####################

=======
Wallet
=======

General information
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Cryto-currency
A cryptocurrency (or crypto currency) is a digital asset designed to work as a medium of exchange that uses strong cryptography to secure financial transactions, control the creation of additional units, and verify the transfer of assets.

A cryptocurrency wallet is a software program that uses digital encryption keys to interact with a blockchain network to enable users to send and receive digital currency and monitor their balance. 
For example, using Bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency, you need to have a digital wallet.

> How to access to Wallet interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to access to your Wallet interface
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can access your personal eXo wallet in one of the three following ways :

> 1- From your display name on the top navigation bar then "My wallet" from the drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1- From your display name in the top navigation bar then "My wallet" from the drop-down menu.
```

|image0|

2- From your profile then "My wallet" application.

|image1|

3- From "My application" of the left navigation then "My wallet".

|image2|

How to create your wallet
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The first thing to do is to create your wallet by setting a password. The password must contain at least 8 characters. 

|image3|

Once your password is set, your wallet is created but you will not be allowed to make transactions until an administrator approves it. The wallet's interface is nevertheless available and you may request funds from other users.

|image1|

The following message is displayed : " Almost done! Your wallet will be ready to use once an administrator approves it.".

A warning message appears behind the label "My wallet" 

|image5|

Wallet security
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Each wallet uses a pair of public and private keys. The public key is used ad the address on the blockchain network. The private key must be secured as it allows to do any operation in the blockchain account (such as stilling your funds!). Without the private key, access to the funds is impossible. Thus, it's important to secure the private key and save in case of loss  :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each wallet uses a pair of public and private keys. The public key is used as the address on the blockchain network. The private key must be secured as it allows to do any operation in the blockchain account (such as stealing your funds!). Without the private key, access to the funds is impossible. Thus, it's important to secure the private key and save it in case of loss  :
```
```suggestion
Each wallet uses a pair of public and private keys. The public key is used ad the address on the blockchain network. The private key must be secured as it allows to do any operation in the blockchain account (such as stilling your funds!). Without the private key, access to the funds is impossible. Thus, it's important to secure the private key and save in case of loss  :
```

- Click on security icon to display security popup

|image6|

- From security popup, click on "Manage keys". A new tab "Manage keys" is displayed in the popup. Click on "Back up your wallet".

|image7|

> - A new popup "Backup wallet" is available with the following warnig message : *"Please make sure to keep this private key in a safe place where nobody else can get it (Write it in a piece of paper and hide it for example). 

Reviewer: I'm not sure reiterating the warning verbatim here is useful (it may even be changed from crowdin). It's probably enough to tell that a warning is displayed to remind you the importance of the private key.

If the following code is hacked by someone, he will be able to own all your funds."*. type your wallet password in the appropriate field then click on "Display private key"

|image8|

> - Your private key is displayed in the same popup. You can save it in a piece of paper or a private and secured folder. Make sure that nobody else can access this information or you will be putting your funds at risk with absolutely no way to recover them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your private key is displayed in the same popup. You can write it down on a piece of paper or a private and secured folder. Make sure that nobody else can access this information or you will be putting your funds at risk with absolutely no way to recover them.
```

|image9|

.. Warning:: Remember that losing your private keys means losing all your crypto-money. You must take precautions and be very careful! Even an administrator won't be able to help you if it gets compromised or lost.

> How to send funds from wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to send funds from your wallet
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To send funds from your wallet, you have to click on "Send" button then, in the "send funds" popup, select a recipient, your wallet password and the amount to send. You can optionally type a label and a message that will be stores in the transaction history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send funds from your wallet, you click on "Send" button, then, in the "send funds" popup, select a recipient, enter your wallet password and the amount to send. You can optionally enter a label for the transaction that will be stored in the transaction history as a private reminder and a message that will be notified to your recipient so he knows why you send him the funds. 
```

> You also have to choose the type of transaction between three options: "Cheap", "Normal" or "Fast". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also choose the speed of transaction between: "Cheap", "Normal" and "Fast". 
```

> The difference between those types of transaction is the price and the rapidity of transaction: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difference between those types of transaction is the fee and the priority to process your transaction on the blockchain
```

- The cheap transactions are not expensive but may take up to one day to be executed.
- The normal transactions are slightly more expensive and could take few hours

> - The fast transaction are the most expensive take only one minute to be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The fast transaction are the most expensive usually take only one minute to be executed.
```

|image10|

> How to request funds from wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to request funds from your wallet
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To request funds, you have to click on "request" button then, in the "Request funds" popup, select a recipient and the requested amount of fundq. You can optionally type a request message to the recipient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To request funds, click on "request" button then, in the "Request funds" popup, select a recipient and the requested amount of fund. You can optionally enter a request message that will be notified to the recipient in order to let him know why you are requesting the funds.
```

|image11|

Total rewarded funds
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<<<<<< HEAD
```

> The displayed information total rewarded cauris give you the information about the accrued amount of crypto-money that you earned thanks to your different activities in the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The total rewarded number is the cumulated amount of crypto-money that you were earned as rewards thanks to your different activities in the platform.
```

Author: you have earned is more correct i think

> Please note that this information is different than your current balance that displays the current amount of funds that you have in your wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this information is different than your current balance that displays the current amount of funds that you have in your wallet.
```

> =======

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=======
```

> The displayed information total rewarded cauris give you the information about the accrued amount of cauris that you earned thanks to your different activities in the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The displayed information total rewarded cauris give you the information about the accrued amount of cauris that you earned thanks to your different activities in the platform.
```

Please note that this information is different than your current balance that displays the current amount in your wallet.

> >>>>>>> a08d779065e29e677a845d4663651fbaf8209795

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>>>>>>> a08d779065e29e677a845d4663651fbaf8209795
```

|image12|

Tansactions details
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The amount of the last transaction is displayed in wallet interface 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The amount of the last transaction is displayed in the wallet interface 
```

|image13|

When you click on the plus icon next to the last transaction information, a drawer with all transactions is displayed 

|image14|

> To see a transaction details (its status, label, message, amount, the sender and recipient adresses, the contact name and address, the transaction fee and hash) you only have to click on the pull down arrow from the transaction list. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see a transaction details (its status, label, message, amount, the sender and recipient adresses, the contact name and address, the transaction fee and hash) just click on the pull down arrow from the transaction list. 
```
